README.rst, before:

===============================
os-cloud-config
===============================

Configuration for OpenStack clouds.

When first installing an OpenStack cloud there are a number of common
up-front configuration tasks that need to be performed. To alleviate
the need for different sets of tooling to reinvent solutions to these
problems, this package provides a set of tools.

These tools are intended to be well-tested, and available as
importable Python modules as well as command-line tools.

* Free software: Apache license
* Documentation: http://docs.openstack.org/developer/os-cloud-config

Features
--------

* generate-keystone-pki:

  * Generate a certificate authority and a signing key for use with Keystone
    Public Key Infrastructure token signing.

* init-keystone:

  * Initialize Keystone on a host with a provided admin token, admin e-mail
    and admin password. Also allows optionally changing the region and the
    public endpoint that Keystone registers with itself.

* register-nodes:

  * Register nodes with a baremetal service, such as Nova-baremetal or Ironic.

* setup-endpoints:

  * Register services, such as Glance and Cinder with a configured Keystone.

* setup-flavors:

  * Creates flavors in Nova, either describing the distinct set of nodes the
    cloud has registered, or a custom set of flavors that has been specified.

* setup-neutron:

  * Configure Neutron at the cloud (not the host) level, setting up either a
    physical control plane network suitable for deployment clouds, or an
    external network with an internal floating network suitable for workload
    clouds.

Commit message:

Show team and repo badges on README
This patch adds the team's and repository's badges to the README file.
The motivation behind this is to communicate the project status and
features at first glance.

For more information about this effort, please read this email thread:

http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-October/105562.html

To see an example of how this would look like check:

https://gist.github.com/9c654297de03f118b3d2332f6e794c3e

Change-Id: I426e05c09d12965fc31f23fcaef86ba67a59327f

README.rst, after:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/deb-os-cloud-config.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

===============================
os-cloud-config
===============================

Configuration for OpenStack clouds.

When first installing an OpenStack cloud there are a number of common
up-front configuration tasks that need to be performed. To alleviate
the need for different sets of tooling to reinvent solutions to these
problems, this package provides a set of tools.

These tools are intended to be well-tested, and available as
importable Python modules as well as command-line tools.

* Free software: Apache license
* Documentation: http://docs.openstack.org/developer/os-cloud-config

Features
--------

* generate-keystone-pki:

  * Generate a certificate authority and a signing key for use with Keystone
    Public Key Infrastructure token signing.

* init-keystone:

  * Initialize Keystone on a host with a provided admin token, admin e-mail
    and admin password. Also allows optionally changing the region and the
    public endpoint that Keystone registers with itself.

* register-nodes:

  * Register nodes with a baremetal service, such as Nova-baremetal or Ironic.

* setup-endpoints:

  * Register services, such as Glance and Cinder with a configured Keystone.

* setup-flavors:

  * Creates flavors in Nova, either describing the distinct set of nodes the
    cloud has registered, or a custom set of flavors that has been specified.

* setup-neutron:

  * Configure Neutron at the cloud (not the host) level, setting up either a
    physical control plane network suitable for deployment clouds, or an
    external network with an internal floating network suitable for workload
    clouds.
